now the serpent was more cunning than
any beast of a field which the law
God had made and he said to the woman
yes God indeed said you shall not eat of
every tree of the garden you may eat the
fruit of the trees of the garden but of
the fruit of the tree which is in the
midst of the garden God has said you
shall not eat it nor shall you touch it
must you die you will not surely die for
God knows that in the day you eat of it
your eyes will be opened and you will be
like God knowing good and evil
sir when the woman saw that the tree was
good for food that it was pleasant to
the eyes and a tree desirable to make
one wise she took of its fruit and ate
she also gave to her husband with her
and he ate then the eyes of both of them
were opened and they knew that they were
naked and they sewed fig leaves together
and made themselves coverings and they
heard the sound of the Lord God walking
in the garden in the cool of the day and
Adam and his wife hid themselves from
the presence of the Lord God among the
trees of the garden then the Lord God
called to Adam where are you I heard
your voice in the garden and I was
afraid because I was naked and I hid
myself who told you that you were naked
have you eaten from the tree of which I
commanded you that you should not eat a
woman
whom you gave to be with me she gave me
of the tree and I ate and the Lord God
said to the woman what is this you have
done the serpent deceived me and I ate
so the Lord God said to the serpent
because you have done this you are
cursed more than all cattle and more
than every beast of the field on your
belly you shall go and you shall eat
dust all the days of your life and I
will put enmity between you and the
woman and between your seed and her seed
he shall bruise your head and you shall
bruise his heel to a woman he said I
will greatly multiply your sorrow and
your conceptual in pain you shall bring
forth children your desire shall be for
your husband and he shall rule over you
when to Adam he said because you have
heeded the voice of your wife and have
eaten from the tree of which I commanded
you saying you shall not eat of it
cursed is the ground for your sake in
toil you shall eat of it all the days of
your life both forms and thistles it
shall bring forth for you
and you shall eat the herb of the field
in the sweat of your face you shall eat
bread till you return to the ground for
out of it you were taken for dust you
are and to dust you shall return and
Adam called his wife's name Eve because
she was the mother of all living
also for Adam and his wife the Lord God
made tunics of skinned and clothed
and the Lord God said Behold the man has
become like one of us to know good and
evil and now lest he put out his hand
and take also of the tree of life and
eat and live forth therefore the Lord
God sent him out of the Garden of Eden
to till the ground from which he was
taken so he drove out the man and he
placed cherubim at the east of the
Garden of Eden and a flaming sword which
turned every way to guard the way to the
Tree of Life
[Music]
you